your song Toxic till the end is about a
toxic ex of yours is the song about
Jaden
Smith
Ros do you know why you're here today um
to do the light detector test I'm kind
of scared this is Jud our polygraph
expert hi are you ready to be hooked up
I don't know I feel like I'm getting in
[Music]
trouble oh should have checked these
videos out for I ke
oh how accurate is it it'll be very
accurate really to begin I'm going to
ask you a few questions to calibrate the
machine keep your hands on the table oh
okay is your full name Roseanne
Park
yes are you a member of black pink
yes are you about to take a polygraph
exam yes are you nervous
yes Jud are we ready to go good to
go we're going to start with the
category of your life my life you were
born in New Zealand and raised in
Australia mhm so which country are you
more loyal to I think most of my
memories are from Korea because I've
been living there for the past 12 years
so I would say Korea I'm Korean by Blood
So Korea are we still doing the first
testing oh no we're in it oh we're in it
oh my God okay you're fluent in both
English and Korean mhm have you ever
slipped into the wrong language while
singing no but I've uh picked up the
phone in a different language before
midsleep if you call me midsleep I'll
pick up in
Korean have you ever forgotten your
lyrics on stage yes many times can you
remember them now all the lyrics all of
them no I'm kind of bad with that have
you ever pointed your mic to the crowd
because you forgot the lyrics
probably probably yes what song was
it I think it was like tally or
something oh no as if as if it's your
last that's always kind of confusing and
I think the girls would
agree as a kid you wanted to be an art
teacher do you regret giving up on your
dreams no would you give up Fame and
Fortune to become an art teacher now
no since you love art could you draw a
Jud if we asked you too CH oh my gosh I
H maybe I'm not very good actually I've
been drawn in a long time I could try I
think
of it's hard to draw people cuz like you
don't want
to make them feel bad okay here we go
let's start with the
glasses
h ah I'm scared I have to do this well
I don't know if I'm doing well the only
thing that's accurate here is the
glasses it's not the
worst it's good do we approve
chud you've said you hated taking piano
lessons as a kid considering your career
do you wish you had paid more attention
yes for sure I wish I kind of did a few
more years of that do you think most
kids should give up on their lessons no
I don't think they should cuz I regret
it now if I had done it then then it
would be helpful now so you don't think
you're just better than everyone no I
don't know you spent the last year
learning how to drive do you think
getting your license at a normal age was
too basic yes very
um I may have just been lazy but that's
suspicious oh ah yeah I was probably
just lazy then never
mind sorry did you pass the driving test
on the first truck right I failed once
yikes have you ever given someone the
middle finger while driving no that's
the
truth have you ever been recognized on
the road by a fan no would you ever
consider doing something like this to
your car with my face on it oh my gosh
no that looks like a nightmare I would
hate that come no no just telling the
truth yes moving on to your career
you first joined black pink in
2016 was that the best moment of your
life best moment of my
life
questionable I don't know if it was my
best moment I was very
nervous is there an active group chat
with you and the rest of black pink yes
have you ever muted
it
no that's the
truth who was the most ACC acve most
active I would say is JC who sends the
best
memes they all send good memes but I
think it would
be
Lisa sounds like a question Lisa or
Jenny she's being truthful were there
any other names besides black pink that
were ever considered yes we used to be
almost called pink Punk was there a name
you liked better I always like black
pink which is the best girl band black
pink or this band oh my gosh that's a
hard qu that's mean these SP girls is
fire since I am part of black pink may I
say black pink no not ACC not
accurate No black pink is the best no
but spice they're legendary
so yeah who's your favorite Spice Girl
ah
posh tell
true which is the best girl band black
pink or the band from Freaky Friday oh
my gosh I love this movie but again I
want to say black pink tell the truth
black pink or this band black pink she's
being truthful yes but not better than
the Spice Girls not better than Spice
Girls
apparently your stage name is Ros do you
ever get frustrated by Google searching
yourself and just finding wine oh it
kind of started off that way but lately
I've tricked it and it comes out as me
first I think I've beat the
wine have you ever wished you could
change your stage
name sometimes yeah when people find it
hard to pronounce it because it's like
Ros I have but I like it now do you feel
like you could never order Rosé at a
restaurant yeah I mean I actually don't
like rosé wine that's the only one I
don't
like so you would never consider selling
Ros Ros I no I would I'd probably make
it so I like the taste of it Benny
Blanco once tweeted last night I met my
Idols in reference to meeting you and
black pink is Benny Blanco one of your
Idols
Idols yes that's a lie
but Idol is a big word he's a he's a
really nice guy we love him and he's
very
talented love you Ben that's
trueful you also collaborated with his
fiance Selena Gomez on the song Ice
Cream mhm did you help set them up oh
no have you ever been a Matchmaker for
any of your celebrity friends for any
celebrity
friends no I don't remember I don't
think I have tell the truth yeah has
anyone ever set you
up
[Laughter]
yes how'd it
go great I think yeah good I'm
sweating fans say you sing
incursive what do you think singing
incursive means I don't know I don't try
to sing cive I just try to sing well
like
I just want to be good like you want
people to like my singing so I'm just
trying my best and I think maybe the
trying the best part is why it sounds
cive your album Rosie is about the
terrible 20s would you say you are very
passionate about the
1920s uh no do you think you would have
been happier living in the
1920s no do you think people are
generally happier when they reach their
30s I think I've heard that that it is
and I think the closer I get to it I'm
starting to enjoy life a little more so
I would say yes does it make you nervous
that your 30s might just be a
continuation of your terrible 20s oh my
God yeah that would be terrible uh but I
hope not and I don't think it would I
mean unless I decide to just live young
and dumb which could be an
option but hopefully I enjoy it more so
you don't have an old
soul I think I have an old
soul telling the truth yeah the song
number one girl was inspired by toxic
comments you read on social media do you
think social media is always a bad thing
no is that because you appreciate all
the fan cams that are made of you uh
yeah it's nice to have a monitoring
videos
online tell them the truth do you ever
look at Fan accounts dedicated to you
yeah of course what's your favorite
account
account I have a few accounts and it's
always the ones that like genuinely are
supportive of me as a person do you have
a favorite fan edit of yourself yeah I
do what is it I feel so like
narcissistic saying this but I do watch
back on my Coachella video the first one
I'm like wow they film me like that they
make me look so good so that's a good
video you're single a a was produced
with Bruno Mars you were a fan of Bruno
Mars before working with him are you
still a fan yes I'll always be a fan if
you're such a big fan what's his best
song uh best song well my favorite song
I have a few favorites uh to good to say
goodbye I like chunky lately Locked Out
of Heaven is a really fun one to dance
Too you pitched him two other songs what
were they about uh I pitched which is
really random I don't know if this makes
any sense but I push number one girl in
3:00 a.m. those were my like favorite
ones at the time so I just put them in
but my main one was apt AP was the one I
was ping on October 16th 2024 Bruno Mars
left viral comments on your Instagram
post of the two of you is it true you
tried to kiss him
no not at all that's the truth so are
you calling him a liar
yes he's a liar she's telling the truth
Bruno Mars is a liar Bruno m is a
liar you later refer to his comments as
fanfic do you think Bruno has read any
of rose's fanfic my fanfic I don't know
but I think he may have read his fanfics
before he nailed it do you ever read
fanfic about yourself no I haven't into
that world before it's interesting
suspicious what what is a fanf like it
could be like social media posts maybe
or stories that people make up make up
yeah okay so if that's considered fanfic
then
yes your song Toxic to the end is about
a toxic ex of
yours yes it was inspired a few is the
song about Jaden Smith no it's not about
Jaden Smith he's a good friend though hi
Jaden
miss you lots tell the truth have you
ever dated Jaden Smith
no she's telling the truth you're famous
for your blonde hair have you ever
considered changing it to a different
color I've considered but it always came
to a no not yet have you ever forgotten
to bleach your roots forgotten oh yeah
I've forgotten and I hated it so now I
don't try not to forget do you think any
one could pull off being blonde anyone
no not anyone I think think you're
selected to to look at being a blonde or
a
brunette what about him Pete Davidson oh
can I be honest yet I mean I have to
actually no I'm sorry it looks better
than a different
color Wicked was one of the biggest
films of
2024 did you did you see it not yet I'm
I've been dying to watch it I need some
time do you think you would have been a
better Glenda than this person oh not at
all never well I haven't watched it she
looks great and I'm sure she's
incredible in it do you think you would
have been a better alphaba than this
person oh no not at all never what could
never is that because you don't like the
color green no think she look so good
good how did how do you pull off that
color wow uh green Green's not bad have
you ever considered starring in a
musical starring in a musical I've
considered before but I'd have to be
good what about a Revival of a musical
like High School Musical High School
Musical well I'm blonde I'm going to
have to be
sharpi fabulous I could do it I know I
know all the lyrics to it bigger and
better than that need a little fabulous
kept me getting along be a little
fabulous is that so wrong oh sorry I've
lost my voice I've been having too much
fun you mentioned you were inspired by
this
woman
yes this is one of the movies that
really made me want to be a singer would
you want to play Satine in a remake of
Mulan Rouge my gosh that would be too
good to be true I would absolutely love
to do that so you think you're a better
singer than Nicole Kidman
no she tell the truth no she was so good
here would you ever okay a biopic about
your life what is that a film about you
about me would I ever like it if I have
done great things then
maybe who would you want to play you
oh that's such a good question
somebody Asian with blonde
hair that speaks Korean in English and
can pull off an Australian
accent final question at any point did
you lie during this interview and we
didn't catch you no I don't think I lied
I'm not a very good liar you could like
tell on my face so I probably don't even
need this she being truthful